Israeli troops are also increasing
attacks on Northern Gaza the jabalia
refugee camp has come under renewed fire
M alut has been speaking to some of the
people who remain in the
camp the Israeli forces expanding their
operation and nothing Gaza Strip as they
ordered civilians who are Sheltering and
living in Glo neighborhood to evacuate
to the west of Gaza
City I'm from banon we have been
displaced five times first to halab then
to Ala from there to Abu zun then back
to halab and now we're back here we
don't know where we will
go helicopters are shooting and open
fire at civilians at that area they also
intensifying air strikes and artillery
at that
area we are steadfast people and we
support the resistance despite poverty
and exhaustion may Allah protect them
all of this can be understood by
Palestinians that the Israeli forces are
trying to besiege jabalia refugee
camp make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from alaz